>> Scott Moss: Today we're gonna be
diving into building APIs with GraphQL.
In the previous course we did it
with REST, today's gonna be GraphQL,
so there will be some similarities
if you've taken the REST course,
as far as resources we use but it's a
whole different paradigm we'll using that.
So, first thing first is let's go
over the course in the curriculum.
So, if you head over to GitHub you
can go ahead and clone this repo
which will be intro to GraphQL,
so go ahead and clone that.
And as far as dependencies, it's very
much like the API design with the REST,
you're just gonna need at least
Node version six, MongoDB, and
Git, that's basically it
that's all you're gonna need.
So if you have all those, you're
good to go, if you don't have Mongo,
I do recommend installing it you can
install it from the MongoDB website.
They have installation instructions for
all different platforms you can also use
mLab to use a hosted one,
they have a pretty easy setup.
You can use one for free and
the third option is just use MongoDB
server, which is an MPM packaged.
And yeah, this is a MPM packaged
that you can use that will,
basically, spin up in in-memory
MongoDB server for you to use,
if you don't want to download it but
I highly recommend downloading it instead.
So once you have all that you should be
good to go, so I'm just gonna go ahead and
kick it off,
jump into some of these slides.
The link to the slides are gonna
be in the Read Me of the repo, so
if you scroll down you'll see a resources
section and right there there are slides.
You can click on that and
that'll take you to the slides or
you can just follow along with me.
>> Scott Moss: So like I said, this is
gonna be an introduction to GraphQL.
GraphQL is very complex and
the reason it is is because it
makes things simple for you.
So I can talk about GraphQL for a month,
and I'm learning new stuff every day, so
this is gonna be an introduction,
and it'll give you just enough for
you to create your own APIs and
work with other existing GraphQL APIs.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, so
intro to some of the tools.
So some of the familiar tools that
we're gonna be using like I said,
we're gonna be using the Node.js for
the run times.
So that's we're gonna actually create
an APIs in node, which is a JavaScript.
MongoDB for our database,
you could use any database for GraphQL,
it doesn't have to be a graph database,
it could be whatever database you want,
it doesn't even have to be a database.
You can use GraphQL for
retrieving data for anything, I mean
you use GraphQL to write CSS queries if
you want it doesn't have to be a database.
We're gonna use Mongoose for
interacting with our database and
then we're gonna be using Jest for
testing everything.
So those are some of the familiar
tools that having nothing to
do with GraphQL that we'll
be using in this course.